Added IIS and Windows Server requirement (#8135)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/requirements.md

You can use [Umbraco Cloud](https://umbraco.com/products/umbraco-cloud/) to manage the hosting infrastructure. All Umbraco Cloud plans are hosted on Microsoft Azure, which gives your site a proven and solid foundation.
{% endhint %}

### Other Recommendations

* Ability to set file permissions to include create/read/write (or better) for the user that "owns" the Application Pool for your site. This would typically be **NETWORK SERVICE**.

> * When hosting on Windows Server with IIS, ensure the WebSocket Protocol feature is installed. Umbraco's backoffice preview uses SignalR, which relies on WebSockets for real-time communication (such as live preview updates). Without it, SignalR will fall back to Server-Sent Events and may time out after ~30 seconds, showing a "Could not establish a connection to the server" warning in the preview window. You can install the WebSocket Protocol via **Server Manager → Add Roles and Features → Web Server (IIS) → **Web Server** → Application Development → WebSocket Protocol**.

Reviewer: Looks good and correct, but I'd suggest we break it into two.

Firstly we should state that the web server - whatever it is - needs to support websockets.  But this needs verifying.  As it stands I'm not sure why that is a requirement, as SignalR does fallback to other protocols.  So we need to confirm this before stating is as a known requirement.

Secondly we can include the details you've added for the specific case of hosting on IIS with Windows.  Will be likely the most common case, but it's not the only one, so really this is more a bit of extra information extending from the first point.

Author: I have split it into 2 sentences as suggested. Also, would someone from the team let us know when it's okay to merge in?

You can use [Umbraco Cloud](https://umbraco.com/products/umbraco-cloud/) to manage the hosting infrastructure. All Umbraco Cloud plans are hosted on Microsoft Azure, which gives your site a proven and solid foundation.
{% endhint %}

### Other Recommendations

* Ability to set file permissions to include create/read/write (or better) for the user that "owns" the Application Pool for your site. This would typically be **NETWORK SERVICE**.
* For real-time backoffice features such as live preview, the web server must support WebSockets. SignalR, which Umbraco uses for these features, performs best with WebSocket support available, and without it may fall back to less reliable transports.

> * When hosting on Windows Server with IIS, ensure the WebSocket Protocol feature is installed via **Server Manager → Add Roles and Features → Web Server (IIS) → Web Server → Application Development → WebSocket Protocol**. Without it, SignalR may time out after ~30 seconds in the preview window, showing a `"Could not establish a connection to the server"` warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Umbraco's backoffice features such as preview and server events uses SignalR, which works best over **WebSockets** but will negotiate to **Server-Sent Events / Long Polling**. Some hosting setups buffer streamed responses, which can break the SSE fallback and surface as a "could not establish a connection" warning ~30s after opening preview.
* To ensure the preferred WebSocket transport is available on Windows Server / IIS, install the **WebSocket Protocol feature**  via Server Manager → Add Roles and Features → Web Server (IIS) → Web Server → Application Development → WebSocket Protocol.
```

I've done a little research on this now @eshanrnh, and I think this is the correct wording.  We use SignalR, which works best with web sockets but does fall back to other protocols, so it's not correct to say "the web server must support WebSockets".  There may be more we can do with the product to harden if another protocol is used.  Nonetheless, WebSockets is the best to use, so if it can be made available, that's a better setup.
